1. Portfolio Grading Rubric
I hope that people will be more concerned with their learning than their grade on this assignment. But I understand that people want to make sure they receive full credit so I will provide the grading rubric that will be used. Feel free to structure your page around it.
There are 5 main areas for evaluation:
* Does the site validate?
* Is the site responsive?
* Is the site well-styled? This is very objective.  It should be difficult to score a high score, but not difficult to receive the majority of the points. It is important that everyone create a unique style sheet, even if using a template or framework. Look for feedback in Week Five to improve your score.
* Are the images incorporated effectively?
* Did you successfully demonstrate the ability to enhance your site? You need to add four elements to your site that are unique – something beyond what we did in the four previous courses. You are encouraged to be as creative as you would like (and creative does not need to mean time-intensive). Some options for these "extras" include:
   * Add custom JavaScript (e.g. incorporate dynamic content, use JS to perform verification, modify the DOM)
   * Enhance the accessibility of your page (e.g. put your site through the some subset of the WebAIM quick evaluation reference)
   * Incorporate plugins  (e.g. Google Calendar, a map, parallax, etc.)  You will need to show what you did other than just copying code.  Did you need to change any of the attributes?  Change any of the links?
   * Include a Carousel for your images (don't forget to turn off the automatic start feature if you can!!)
   * Use a sticky footer to create a consistent look across different browser heights (we usually only consider widths…)
   * Add a third viewport layout (e.g. a table view that is different than mobile or large-screen)
Again, these are just suggestions, please feel free to let your own creativity be your guide. Don't let this course ruin your life!!  As a six week course it is expected that you will spend a total of 36-48 hours total on your work. Code smart.

2. Detailed grading rubric points
2.1. Does the site validate?
	Fully validates (warnings are fine): 20
	There are errors, but the student has shown (in their write-up or video) that they are caused by plugins and can not be fixed: 16
	There are at most 3 errors for the entire site: 12
	They have only shown that part of the site validates (For instance, only tested one of the files in a multi-file site.): 6
	More than three errors  were left or the site was not tested at all: 0
	
2.2. Is the site responsive?
	Yes, the site has a unique look/layout for each of the view: 20
	The site has a unique look, but not a unique layout. (For example, they changed only colors of fonts, not the actual layout.): 10
	Only some of the pages are responsive - not all of them: 6
	The site is not responsive: 0	

2.3. Is the site well-styled?
	The site is incredibly well-styled and the author went beyond the required (animation, hovering, etc. done with CSS): 10
	The site is very well-styled. The content has a layout that is easy to follow and a variety of colors and fonts were used. -- Most students can expect to receive this score.: 8
	The styling is lacking or the author relied almost exclusively on a template/framework: 4
	Less than 9 unique CSS rules were used.: 0	

2.4. Are the images incorporated effectively?
	Yes: 10
	No: 0

2.5. Enhancements
	The site includes 4 extra enhancements: 40
	The site includes 3 extra enhancements: 30
	The site includes 2 extra enhancements: 20
	The site includes 1 extra enhancement: 10
	The site does not include any extra enhancements: 0

1. The third viewport layout
2. Sticky nav bar
3. Dark mode toggle
4. Animated skill bars
5. Accessibility optimization like semantics tags, focus state, keyboard navigation